Narrator: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Marcel: HELLO JADEN...
IF YOU'D LIKE TO SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL...
...MEET ME IN FRONT
OF DUEL ACADEMY.
NOW IF YOU WIN, I'LL RELEASE ALL
THE STUDENTS FROM MY CONTROL,
BUT SHOULD YOU LOSE--
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS--
WILL SERVE ME FOREVER!
JESSE...ONCE
WE GET TO THE SURFACE,
YOU AND AXEL HAVE GOT
TO FIND THE RAINBOW
DRAGON CARD!
[LAUGHS] GLAD TO SEE
YOU MADE IT.
Jaden: THAT'S NOT
MARCEL, BLAIR.
HE'S BEING USED
BY SOMETHING
AND I THINK IT'S TIME
WE FOUND OUT BY WHAT!
NOW, NOW.
...EVERYTHING WILL BECOME
MUCH CLEARER SOON ENOUGH...
STARTING RIGHT NOW,
WOULDN'T YOU AGREE
MY DEAR JADEN?
I'M GETTING THE CAPSULE!
HERE GOES...
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE REAL!
ALRIGHT!
I COMPLETED THE CRYSTAL
BEAST DECK!
Jesse: I WANT INTO
THIS DUEL RIGHT NOW!
WE'RE GONNA FORM US
A LIL' TAG TEAM!
I ACCEPT.
HEH, WAIT TILL HE GETS
A LOAD OF RAINBOW DRAGON!
LET'S SHOW 'IM WHAT YOU GET
WHEN YOU MESS WITH THE BEST.
SO LET'S TAKE THIS GUY DOWN!
AND GET US BACK
TO THE WORLD WE BELONG IN!
All: GAME ON!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[GROANS] WHAT HAPPENED TO ME...
HOW DID I GET OUT HERE...
THE LAST THING I REMEMBER
WAS THE SACRED BEAST CARDS
BEING RELEASED...
THREE SACRED BEASTS!
BREAK YOUR SEAL!
THE CARDS...
THEY'RE HIS...
THAT RUIN WASN'T THERE BEFORE.
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
SOMEONE'S DUELING...
ALRIGHT THERE JESSE,
NO PRESSURE OR ANYTHING
BUT OUR FATE HANGS ON
THIS ONE DUEL.
BUT, YOU KNOW, LIKE
I SAID, NO PRESSURE.
I KNOW, J.
READY?!
IT'S MY MOVE.
I DRAW!
I PLAY THE SPELL--
THE CRYSTAL TREE!
NOW IF I SLAP A CARD
IN MY SPELL AND TRAP ZONE...
CRYSTAL FRUIT
GROWS ON MA' TREE.
AND IF YA THINK
THAT'S SWEET...
WAIT'LL YOU SEE THIS MOVE--
I SUMMON--
CRYSTAL BEAST
AMBER MAMMOTH!
[TRUMPETS]
SINCE YOUR MONSTER
HAS NO ATTACK POINTS.
I'M SENDIN' MY BEAST
OVER TO STOMP OUT
A TON OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
MAMMOTH!--STAMPEDE AHEAD!
[GROWLING]
HUH. NICE TRY!
BUT YOUR PACHYDERM
IS ABOUT TO GO ON
THE ENDANGERED
SPECIES LIST!
I PLAY THE TRAP CHAOS FORM!
BY TRIGGERING THIS CARD,
I GET STRONGER...
YOU SEE JESSE...
THIS CARD CAN GAIN
THE SAME ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS...
AS A RANDOM MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
[CHUCKLES]
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
YOUR WOOLY BEAST
IS ABOUT
TO BECOME EXTINCT!
CHAOS FORM HAS CHOSEN--
RAVIEL, LORD OF PHANTASMS!
UH, JADEN...ANY TIPS?
JUST ONE, BUDDY--
HANG ON FOR DEAR LIFE!
HUH.
I'M PLAYIN' A SPELL CARD!
MY CRYSTAL FLASH!
NOW BY PLACIN'
A CRYSTAL BEAST
'N MY SPELL AND TRAP
CARD ZONE...
YOUR BIG OL' ATTACK
CAN'T DO SQUAT TO ME, BUB.
'N I CHOOSE!--
THE COBALT EAGLE CRYSTAL!
SO NOW MY TREE
BEARS SOME FRUIT!
WHEW! THAT THERE
WAS A CLOSE ONE.
THAT'S IT FOR ME THIS TURN.
I'M UP, THEN.
I SUMMON--ELEMENTAL
HERO...BUBBLEMAN!
AND HE'S ABOUT TO BURST
YOUR BUBBLE...
YOU SEE WHEN BUBBLEMAN'S
THE ONLY CARD ON MY FIELD...
I CAN DRAW TWO MORE CARDS.
SWEET!
I ACTIVATE--POLYMERIZATION!
NOW I FUSE BUBBLEMAN
WITH ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
TO FORM...
ELEMENTAL HERO--MARINER!
AND NOW BY PLACING
A CARD FACEDOWN,
I CAN ACTIVATE
MARINER'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
BRACE YOURSELF.
'CAUSE WHEN I HAVE
A CARD FACEDOWN
IN MY SPELL AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
MY MARINER
CAN ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
MARINER!
SINK THAT LOSER!
ANCHOR'S AWAY!
MARCEL...
HA HA. "SINK ME"?
DON'T THINK SO, JADEN.
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO'S GOING DOWN.
AND MY NEXT MOVE'LL HAVE YOU
SWIMMING WITH THE FISHES!
OH!
THAT AIN'T
GONNA HAPPEN, PAL!
YA WANT J, YOU GOTTA
GO THROUGH ME.
'N THAT WON'T BE EASY.
[LAUGHS] WE'LL SEE!
FIRST I'LL SACRIFICE
MY PHANTOM OF CHAOS--
SO THAT I CAN CALL FORTH...
DARK SUMMONING BEAST!
AGAIN WITH
ZERO ATTACK POINTS?
THERE'S MORE TO IT--
KEEP YOUR GUARD UP,
NO MATTER WHAT.
THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN SAY
TO HELP JESSE NOW...
THE STAGE HAS ALREADY
BEEN SET...
WATCH NOW AS I DISCARD
MY SUMMONING BEAST.
OH! WHAT'S THIS?
OH!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING...?
ACTIVATING MY BEAST'S...
SPECIAL ABILITY!
I'M TOSSING DARK
SUMMONING BEAST ASIDE...
JUST LIKE JADEN
TOSSED ME ASIDE...
AND IN DOING SO...
I GET TO INSTANTLY SUMMON--
ALL THREE
OF THE SACRED BEASTS!
YOU'RE WHAT?!
THIS IS THE POWER OF PAIN.
SOON, YOUR FRIEND WILL FEEL
THE HURT YOU MADE ME FEEL.
SACRED BEASTS RISE UP!
LORD OF PHANTASMS!
LORD OF STRIKING THUNDER!
LORD OF SEARING FLAMES!
AAH!
OH!
WELL I'LL BE...
Marcel: COWER
BEFORE RAVIEL...
HAMON...
...AND THE MIGHTY URIA!
INCREDIBLE!
AW, MAN.
ALL THREE!
THOSE THINGS ARE HUGE!
NOW IT GETS INTERESTING.
I PLAY
URIA'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
UPON BEING SUMMONED,
HE CAN DESTROY
ONE TRAP OR SPELL CARD.
LUCKY FOR ME, YOU JUST
TOOK OUT DUMMY MARKER--
WHEN ITS DESTROYED
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES--
'N BECAUSE OF THAT--
I GET TO DRAW...
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
YOU ARE LUCKY JADEN.
BECAUSE ON THE TURN
WHERE MY DARK BEAST
SUMMONS THE SACRED BEASTS,
THEY CANNOT MAKE
ANY ATTACKS.
SO YOU'VE BEEN SPARED
THIS ROUND...
NOW I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
[LAUGHS]
WHAT'S FUNNY?
WHAT'RE YOU GIGGLING AT?
THIS RULES!
I MEAN
WE'RE DUELIN'...
THE SACRED BEASTS!
THIS IS THE STUFF
DUELISTS DREAM ABOUT!
THIS IS
WHAT WE LIVE FOR!
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?!
HMM. YOU'RE RIGHT.
HE THINKS THIS "RULES"?
IF THOSE...
JOKERS LOSE THIS DUEL,
NONE OF US ARE EVER GETTIN'
OUT OF THIS DIMENSION.
LET'S SEE HOW GREAT
JADEN'S PAL THINKS THIS IS
AFTER I CRUSH HIM...
HERE WE GO.
IT'S MY TURN...
AND FIRST OFF, I'LL SWITCH
MY MAMMOTH INTO DEFENSE MODE.
[TRUMPETS]
AND NEXT I'LL SUMMON--
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
NOW WHEN THIS BEAST
IS SUMMONED,
...ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
GETS ACTIVATED,
AND I CAN PLACE
ONE CRYSTAL BEAST
IN MY SPELL AND TRAP
CARD ZONE.
AND I CHOOSE--
MY RUBY CARBUNCLE!
WITH RUBY IN PLACE--
MY CRYSTAL TREE'S EFFECT
ACTIVATES ONCE AGAIN.
THIS IS FRUITLESS...
BECAUSE NOW I PLAY RAVIEL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
EVERY TIME YOU SUMMON
ONE OF YOUR LITTLE MONSTERS,
I GET TO SUMMON
ONE PHANTASM TOKEN.
I ACTIVATE THE RARE VALUE
SPELL CARD!
WHEN TWO CRYSTALS ARE
IN MY SPELL AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
I CAN SEND ONE TO MY GRAVE.
'N WHEN I DO THAT--I CAN
DRAW TWO MORE CARDS.
AND I'LL SEND RUBY TO
MY GRAVEYARD SO I CAN DO THIS!
NOW TO KEEP
THINGS COLORFUL...
THE RAINBOW BLESSING
SPELL CARD!
BY PAYING 1000 LIFE POINTS...
MY CRYSTAL TREE...
GROWS ANOTHER
CRYSTAL FRUIT.
NEXT UP--CRYSTAL TREE'S
POWER TAKES ROOT!
I SEND THE CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD--
'N FOR EVERY FRUIT
ON THE TREE...
MY SPELL AND TRAP
CARD ZONE
GETS A CRYSTAL BEAST.
'N I'M CALLIN' OUT--
EMERALD TURTLE!
AMETHYST CAT!
AND TOPAZ TIGER!
I DID IT!
IT'S REALLY GONNA HAPPEN!
IT'S HISTORY IN THE MAKIN', J!
CAN'T WAIT!
NOW THEN--I GUESS I SHOULD
REALLY THANK YOU, HOSS.
'CAUSE THANKS TO YOU--
MY DECK'S FINALLY COMPLETE!
AND NOW--YOU GET
THE ESTEEMED HONOR...
OF BEING THE FIRST DUELIST
TO EXPERIENCE...
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE
BEATEN BY MY NEW MONSTER!
YOUR WHAT?
WITH ALL SEVEN CRYSTALS
EITHER IN MY GRAVEYARD
OR IN MY FIELD,
I'M SET...
NOW HERE COMES THE MAIN EVENT.
READY, J?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M ABOUT TO SAY THIS...
BUT HERE IT IS...
I SUMMON...
...THE ALL POWERFUL...
...RAINBOW DRAGON!
HA!
OH.
OH!
[ROARS]
[BOTH GASP]
OH.
I THOUGHT IT...
WAS JUST A LEGEND.
AW, MAN!
"JUST A LEGEND"?
MORE LIKE LEGENDARY!
THIS HERE'S AS REAL AS IT GETS!
WELL, DON'T FORGET
RAVIEL'S ABILITY...
I GET ANOTHER TOKEN!
I'M NOT INTERESTED
IN TOKENS!
GO RAINBOW DRAGON!
ATTACK URIA, LORD OF
SEARING FLAMES!
[ROARS]
AH!
Jesse: RAINBOW DRAGON--ATTACK!
OH.
AH!
THAT'S AN IMPRESSIVE ATTACK.
BUT UNFORTUNATELY,
HAMON'S ON THE FIELD
AND IN DEFENSE MODE.
WHICH MEANS ALL ATTACKS
GET REDIRECTED TO HIM.
WELL, SHOOT...IT'S A DRAW.
OH, WELL...
...I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
TO END MY TURN.
JESSE!
YOU ALMOST HAD 'EM.
THAT WAS
AN AMAZING MOVE!
NEXT TIME!
NOW IT'S YOUR TURN JADEN.
TAKE 'EM DOWN!
'N LET'S NOT FORGET
THE GOAL HERE.
WE GOTTA UNLEASH US
SOME HARDCORE POWER...
SO THAT WE CAN GET HOME!
[GRUMBLES]
LET'S DO IT.
IT'S MY GO.
I DRAW.
REMEMBER NECROSHADE?
WITH HIM IN MY GRAVE...
I CAN ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY.
NOW I DON'T HAVE
TO OFFER A SACRIFICE,
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
AN ELEMENTAL HERO.
SAY HELLO TO NEOS!
WITH THIS GUY ON THE FIELD--
I NOW ACTIVATE A SPELL CARD.
I PLAY FIFTH HOPE!
IT LETS ME TAKE FIVE ELEMENTAL
HERO CARDS FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND PUT 'EM BACK IN MY DECK.
AFTER THAT...
...I SHUFFLE 'EM UP.
AND DRAW TWO NEW CARDS.
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL...
...E-N SHUFFLE!
WITH THAT, I CAN SNAG
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
FROM MY FIELD...
AND THEN SUMMON A NEO-SPACIAN
TO TAKE ITS PLACE.
I SUMMON UP--NEO-SPACIAN...
...GLOW MOSS!
AND I'LL ALSO BRING OUT...
...NEO-SPACIAN DARK PANTHER.
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET--
TRIPLE CONTACT FUSION!
NOW, I'M REALLY
BRINGIN' ON THE CHAOS...
CHAOS NEOS!
HA!
'N TO SHAKE THINGS UP,
I PLAY NEO SPACE!
DUE TO THE EFFECT OF THIS
NEW FIELD SPELL--
CHAOS NEOS GAINS
500 ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW--HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
FOR THIS TURN...YOUR MONSTERS'
SPECIAL ABILITIES...
ARE ALL NEGATED.
[GRUNTS]
THAT'S RIGHT--URIA'S OPEN!
NEOS--TAME THAT BEAST!
IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO GET BATTY!
GO CHAOS FURY FLASH!
NO!
YOU DESTROYED
A SACRED BEAST?!
YOU MESSED WITH MY SCHOOL...
AND MY FRIENDS.
SO NOW--I'M ALL ABOUT
MESSIN' WITH YOU.
YOU'RE GONNA PAY
FOR WHAT YOU DID!
REALLY NOW...
IT'S MY TURN!
I ACTIVATE--
IMMORTAL CLASS!
BY SACRIFICING TWO OF MY
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD...
I GET TO SUMMON A LEVEL
7-OR-HIGHER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO I DISCARD TWO
PHANTASM TOKENS...
...TO RESURRECT--THE LORD
OF SEARING FLAMES!
[ROARS]
IT WON'T STAY DOWN.
Both: HUH.
[CHUCKLES] WHAT ELSE?...
HOW ABOUT
ANOTHER SPELL CARD?
DIMENSION FUSION
DESTRUCTION!
IT'S BEEN A BLAST
MESSING AROUND
WITH THE SACRED BEASTS...
BUT BY REMOVING ALL THREE
OF THEM FROM PLAY
AT THE SAME TIME...
...I CAN SUMMON...
CHAOS PHANTASM ARMITYLE!
ZERO?...
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD...
OH IT'S GOOD, FOR ME!
KNOW WHAT HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY IS?
ONCE A TURN--
ARMITYLE CAN DEAL
TEN-THOUSAND POINTS
OF BATTLE DAMAGE
TO YOUR MONSTER.
THIS DUEL IS OVER!
[BOTH GASP]
ARMITYLE IS ABOUT TO DELIVER
TEN-THOUSAND POINTS OF DAMAGE...
TEN THOUSAND...THERE'S
NO WAY THEY CAN BEAT THAT!
THIS CAN'T BE...
I HAVE TO HELP...
OTHERWISE THEY'RE
DONE FOR.
STOP IT!
STOP DOING THIS, MARCEL!
YOU AGAIN...LITTLE PEST...
NO, BLAIR!
GET BACK!--
THAT'S NOT REALLY MARCEL!
I KNOW THAT!
BUT IT...IT'S
USING MARCEL...
AND I...
...I WANT
MY FRIEND BACK!
ARE YOU REFERRING TO
THIS FRAIL HUMAN SHELL?...
JUST TAKE IT.
IT'S YOURS...
THANKS TO VIPER
AND ALL THE BIOBANDS...
I'VE ABSORBED FAR MORE
ENERGY THAN I NEEDED.
AS FOR THIS BODY...
IT'S TIME TO SHED
THIS PATHETIC SKIN.
YOU'RE DOIN' WHAT?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
[CHUCKLES] MY TRUE FORM
IS NO LONGER HOSTAGE
TO THE RULES OF THIS UNIVERSE.
IT CAN FINALLY MANIFEST ITSELF
AND UNITE WITH MY SPIRIT.
[CHUCKLES] AFTER SO MANY YEARS,
I CAN FINALLY MATERIALIZE
IN PURE PHYSICAL FORM...
I'VE DRAINED EVERY LAST DROP
FROM EVERY DUELING DUEL GHOULS
THAT FELL VICTIM TO MY POWER.
[LAUGHS]
ALL THIS...
WAS SO...SO
YOU COULD, LIKE,
COME TO LIFE?
WHO ARE YOU!?
HUH? OH!
[GRUMBLES]
OH!
MARCEL!
FINALLY...MY TRANSFORMATION
IS COMPLETE...
I AM AS REAL AS THE REST OF YOU.
I HAVE NO USE FOR HIM...
I'M SICK OF THIS
LUMP OF FLESH.
YOU WANT HIM?...
THEN YOU CAN HAVE HIM!
MARCEL! OH!
BLAIR! YOU OK?
[CHUCKLES]
OH!
WHAT IS THAT...
I DON'T BELIEVE IT...
JADEN...WE'RE
FINALLY REUNITED...
WHY ARE YOU STARING AT ME LIKE
YOU DON'T KNOW WHO I AM?
LOOK INTO MY EYES...
AND REMEMBER...
WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG...
WE WERE A TEAM...
WHEN YOU HURT, I HURT.
AND I DID SOMETHING
ABOUT IT.
BACK THEN,
YOU NEVER UNDERSTOOD.
YOU NEVER UNDERSTOOD
THAT EVERYTHING I DID,
I DID FOR YOU.
AND I WASN'T GOING TO LET
ANYONE COME BETWEEN US.
I WAS YOUR FRIEND,
YOUR GUARDIAN...
YOUR AVENGER.
AND HOW DID YOU REPAY ME?
BY LETTING THEM
GET THEIR HANDS ON ME.
YOU LET THEM SEND ME AWAY.
BUT DESTINY HAD
A DIFFERENT PLAN,
AND IT BROUGHT ME
BACK TO YOU...
OH NO...
YOU CAN'T...YUBEL?
HOLD UP--YOU KNOW
THAT...THAT THING?
I DO...
TOOK YOU LONG ENOUGH
TO REMEMBER...
I'M HURT.
I NEVER FORGOT.
HOW COULD I?
YOU HAD THEM SEND ME AWAY,
YOU DECIDED TO ALIENATE ME,
BUT NOW WE'RE
FACE TO FACE AGAIN...
AND YOU AND I...
WE HAVE SOME
CATCHING UP TO DO...
NOW PREPARE TO FEEL MY WRATH!
UNLEASH YOUR FURY ARMITYLE...
WIPE THEM ALL OUT
BUT LEAVE JADEN FOR ME!
GO TRANSMIGRATION WAVE!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
JADEN...
HMM?
THIS IS IT, BUDDY.
I'M ON IT.
NOW GET BACK SAFE!
BUT JESS...
WHAT ABOUT...?
NO BUTS JADEN!
I PLAY PRISM WALL!
NOW THIS SPELL
SENDS EVERY ATTACK...
RIGHT IN MY DIRECTION.
SO YUBEL AND I,
WE BOTH TAKE DAMAGE!
OH!
AH!
JESSE!
DON'T DO THIS...
I'LL BE ALRIGHT!
I GOT MA' DRAGON...
AND HE'S GOT MA' BACK.
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
YOU SEE MY RAINBOW
DRAGON CAN ABSORB
EVERY CRYSTAL BEAST
ON THE FIELD,
AND FOR EACH BEAST
IT ABSORBS
IT GAINS A THOUSAND MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
GO RAINBOW OVERDRIVE!
[ROARS]
MY ATTACK
HAS BEEN THWARTED!
NOOOOO...
OH. AH!
UHH!
NOT GOOD...
THIS SAND CASTLE'S CRUMBLIN'!
LET'S GO!
I CAN'T.
STOPPING NOW WILL ONLY
REDUCE THE ENERGY SPIKE--
AND THE PORTAL HOME
WON'T BE ABLE TO OPEN.
I'VE GOTTA KEEP THE STRENGTH
OF MY ATTACK UP.
CATCH YA LATER PARTNER!
JESSE!
ALRIGHT!
--RAINBOW DRAGON!
ATTACK WITH
RAINBOW REFRACTION!
[ROARS]
[GRUNTS]
JESSE, NOOO!
AXEL, LOOK...
UP THERE.
BASTION WAS RIGHT.
RAINBOW DRAGON'S BATTLE
WITH THE SACRED BEASTS
HAS OPENED UP THE PORTAL
TO GET US HOME...
HMPH!
YOU! YOU'LL PAY...
FOR TAKING HIM...
AAAAH!
Jesse: WE DID IT RAINBOW DRAGON!
TAKE 'EM HOME...
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU
GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪